before we start warning spoilers ahead today i am
going to recap a 2011 thailand drama biographic
movie called the billionaire this movie tells
the story of a young entrepreneur in building
his snack empire tau ke noe he was determined to
establish the company to help his parents pay off
their debts so what are the problems that he faced
now can he have achieved it let's find it out at
the start of the movie we are introduced to top
a 19 year old boy who wants to take a loan of 10
million thailand or around 300 000 usd to make a
factory the bank manager asked him the reason he
should lend the money he then explained about his
history when in high school he loves to play games
and get a lot of money from it he starts
with sailing and in-game item for 12 000 but
then he buys a car by selling more rare items
his parents don't agree about it and ask
him to focus on high school after graduating he
fails in getting into a public university but he
doesn't care about it and continues to play games
due to the ease of getting the money he spends it
lavishly on electronics one day his parents
asked him to apply for a private university
which is expensive he also overhears his parents
complaining about facing a financial problem
he cannot help them because his game account has
been blocked due to commercial activities and he
doesn't have much savings left determined
to help his parents he tries to resell dvd
players with his remaining savings unfortunately
he fails because he was tricked by the supplier
seeing that top has failed his father recommends
him to enter university and abandon his business
father gives him money to enter the private
university but he refuses because he doesn't
want to be dependent on his troubled parents at
night he steals one of father's jewelry and pounds
it with a promise that he will buy it back later
he uses the money to enter a private university
while studying top skips his class and goes to
a food processor exhibition there he rented a
automatic peanut cooker to open a new business
he learns how to cook peanuts from a seller and
implements it turns out his food is delicious
then top and his uncle open a tenant in a mail
there they fail because there is no customer
buying after trying several location cells go up
and top starts to hire some stuff top's girlfriend
reminds him to come back and focus on his study
but he is still determined on building a business
because of his absence he dropped out of his
university to add to his problem his business also
fails because the smoke from the peanut cooking
process pollutes the meal his parents asked him
to go to china with them to start a new life
however he is still determined to be a
businessman and pay his family's debt so that
they may stay in thailand after some consideration
his parents leave him and go to china then top
finds that his house has been collateralized for
a bank loan and is about to be seized when he is
failing down he meets girlfriend who is angry
because he hasn't been replying to her messages
while he is taking her home she brings out dried
seaweed that she bought from overseas the seaweed
is delicious and he wants to sell this product for
his next business he asks a professor on how to
preserve the fried seaweed in a package professor
explains that he has to use a vacuum machine to
stock the oxygen out of the package and kill the
bacteria determined to start his new business he
sells his automatic peanut cooker and buys a new
materials and tools unluckily his first attempt
fails the fried seaweed always tasted bitter he
sells his electronics to buy more raw seaweed
even though uncle frequently persuades stopped to
follow his parents to china he still doesn't lose
hope in establishing a business during their
attempt at making a delicious recipe uncle
got into an accident and had to be hospitalized
hospitalized that night a package fell on the
floor and rain poured on it top continues
his attempt without uncle but also made no
luck when he runs out of stock he tries to fry
the rain-drenched seaweed he finds the seaweed
delicious because of the water moisture inside
the package he brings it to uncle and uncle
also likes it after uncle has recovered he
start to sell the fried seaweed and succeed
top seeds a personal sales target of 1 billion
baht a year when his parents call he finds out
that the family's debt is actually 40 million baht
or 1.2 million usd he got disparate because of the
shocking number he listens to some motivational
records to boost his moral and gets back to his
feet when visiting 7 11 he realizes that he can
steal his snacks in the shop to boost his the
next day he visits 711's office and pitches his
product to the director the director rejects his
proposal because his package design is so poor and
the price is too expensive once more faced with
disappointment girlfriend tries to cheer him up
and says that her parents can help this financial
problem due to his integrity he rejects the offer
the next day top asked a local designer to design
his products wrap designer says that the products
name tau ke noi which means is good enough and
needs to adjustment after he repackages his
product he brings it to the office once more to
show the director however the director is very
busy that day and he is left waiting he finally
surrenders and gives his snack to the officer
security he also calls mother to inform that
he is coming to china luckily his product is loved
by 7-eleven stuff the office invites top to an
appointment with the boards in the meeting the
director comments him for making a delicious snack
the director also adds that he has to produce 72
000 packages for 6000 branches to be a partner
his factory will also be inspected for hygiene
corners he agrees to the requirements and come
to a bank turns out he applies for a 10
million baht loan to fund his new factory
the bank manager congratulates him for making it
so far but he rejects top proposal because he is
still 19 years old and his family has a huge debt
again this time top stills pushes forward he uses
his parents old shop which is in the process of
being confiscated by the bank he sells his car
to fill his new factory and hires new stuff when
he is stopping his finds that his girlfriend is
already with someone else he is saddened because
his girlfriend was so kind and caring after much
preparation the factory is ready and the director
comes with an inspector they are unsatisfied with
the factory sanitization and see that top is unfit
the director says that they will discuss first
and the result will be sent later after they
have fixed a factory problem top gets approval
from the detector he is overjoyed and ramps
up his production to meet the required number
when preparing for delivery top hugs uncle and
expresses his gratitude he also says that if they
fail again this time he will follow his parents
will to study and live in china because he has
sold everything for the business when he arrives
at the warehouse the warehouse manager says that
his delivery is one hour later and cannot be
accepted he begs to him and says that he has
sacrificed a lot for this the warehouse
manager pities him and accepts his packages
feeling relieved he calls his parents to say that
they can finally come home to thailand at the end
of the movie we are informed that two years after
the cooperation with 7 11 top pays of his parents
debt of 40 million baht and can reoccupy
the house together top also applies for
a loan of 400 million but to expand his
factory in 2010 top has 2500 employees
he sends his products to six thousand seven
eleven branches and exports his seaweed snacks
to 27 countries around the world top also owns a
seaweed plantation in south korea and generates
1.5 billion part in sales at the age of 26 years
old subscribe to watch more videos like this turn
on notification and leave a like and comment
to help the channel out thank you for watching